Blog of zenflow binding study (#7614)
deepspeedai/DeepSpeed: blogs/zenflow-corebinding/README.md

> # [LAB] Study of ZenFlow and ZeRO offload performance with DeepSpeed CPU core binding

Reviewer: @delock what does the tag `[LAB]` stand for? Is it necessary?

Author: Hi @sfc-gh-truwase The intention of LAB tag is to differentiate it from a blog which describe a new feature and novel work.   LAB would more focus on unique use case and perspective of DeepSpeed features.  I would suggest reproduciabilty to be one of the criteria of LAB.   Reader would want to reproduce LAB results and get new understanding of DeepSpeed features.  This would be the purpose of a LAB.  Want to hear your thoughts.

Author: > @delock, thanks for the clarification. In that case, would it be better as a tutorial on leveraging existing core binding features?

@sfc-gh-truwase thanks for the suggestion.  Let me think what works best and put an update to this PR.

Author: Hi @sfc-gh-truwase I think it over, this article is more than a tutorial, because it contains result from study.  Let me remove LAB in the title and still post it as a blog.  We can discuss in the future if we have more articles similiar to this.

> **TL;DR:** ZenFlow is an improvement to ZeRO Offload added by Tingfeng Lan et al. on DeepSpeed. After testing this feature, we explored the relationship between ZenFlow performance and DeepSpeed CPU core binding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TL;DR:** ZenFlow is an improvement to ZeRO Offload contributed to DeepSpeed by Tingfeng Lan et al. After testing this feature, we explored the relationship between ZenFlow performance and DeepSpeed CPU core binding.
```
